# 12/24/2024

```python
print("Hello, World!")
```

### About me:
Just throwing this website together to be able to have a place to put the things I am learning into a more formal format. And if anyone else is reading this hi :). I think there is a lot of different things that I have been learning and working on, but not an easy way to package it all together. So hopefully I put all that content here, and if someone else learns something from it that's great.

More formal of an introduction, I am currently a 4 year undergraduate at the University of Madison - Wisconsin. I am currently looking to complete my Bachelor's Degree within the up coming year, majoring in 3 different fields of study. Those being Computer Science, Data Science, and Economics. To be honest, I really am only majoring in Economics because I think it is fun and also my professor freshman year, best professor at Madison.

Currently, for work I am a TA for an intermediate Python course and a Undergraduate Research Student, at Moridge. Which the entire code base is written in Python, so for the near future I think most of the content on this blog will be Python related. So hopefully that is helpful to not only me :P, in the short term I am looking to cover the process of making this website so topics including Flask, GitHub Pages, and maybe private hosting related content. I also really need to brush up on things related to the Python Threading and Multi processing default libraries. Along with material from my class next semester which includes CS - 537 Operating Systems.